.if n .po 0
.ds Fx \fIHyla\s-1FAX(tm)\s+1\fP
.ds Mx \fIMgetty+Sendfax\s+1\fP
.ds Gx \fIGFax\s+1\fP
.ds gb \fBgfax\s+1\fP
.ds gi \fIgfax\s+1\fP
.ds li \fIlpr\s+1\fP
.ds lb \fBlpr\s+1\fP
.TH "gfax" "1" "0.4.2" "Wolfgang Sourdeau" "The GNU HaliFAX Sender"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
gfax \- graphical popup frontend to send faxes
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
\*(gb
<\fIfilename\fP>
.br 
\*(lb
\fI\-Pfax\fP <\fIfilename\fP>
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\*(Gx is the GNU HaliFAX component for sending faxes.
.LP 
It is a front end fax program that performs the familiar pop\-up fax
manager when one prints to a fax printer.
\*(Gx works with all X programs that use \*(li as the printer interface,
even the command line.
.LP 
\*(Gx has been tested with such programs as Emacs, Nedit, and Ghostscript to
name a few. It should work with any application that prints using
.I lpr.
\*(Gx relies on underlying fax transport software such as
\*(Mx or \*(Fx to actually send the facimiles.  This
software must already be installed and setup on your system for \*(Gx to
work.
.LP 
More documentation regarding \*(Gx is available in the manual page you
obtain by selecting the
.I "Manual"
entry from the help menu. This will popup a gnome\-help browser
displaying the file /usr/share/gnome/help/gfax/C/gfax.html.
.LP 
More informations about the GNU HaliFAX project are available at the
GNU HaliFAX official website:
.LP 
\fBhttp://www.gnu.org/software/halifax/\fP
.SH "NOTE"
.LP 
\*(Gx doesn't actually send the fax, it is up to the fax subsystem
software such as \*(Mx. If you're having problems sending
faxes make sure the fax subsystem works first.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-test\fR or \fB\-t\fR
You may give \*(gi the
\fI\-\-test\fR
or
\fI\-t\fR
option on the command line to print
the actual command that will be sent to the fax transmission agent. This is
mainly used for debugging and getting the fax agent working properly.
.BR 
.TP 
.BR 
This option is not normally used.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
To run this program the standard way type:
.LP 
\*(gb /tmp/myfile
.LP 
Alternativly you can run it as:
.LP 
\*(lb \-Pfax /tmp/myfile
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
George Farris <george@gmsys.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
halifax(1)     \- introducing the GNU HaliFAX project
.br
ghfaxviewer(1) \- the GNU HaliFAX Viewer
.br 
sendfax(1)
