.if n .po 0
.ds Fx \fIHyla\s-1FAX\s+1\fP
.ds Hx \fIGNU\ HaliFAX\s+1\fP
.ds Mx \fIMgetty+Sendfax\s+1\fP
.ds Gx \fIGFax\s+1\fP
.TH "halifax" "1" "Release 0.0.0" "Wolfgang Sourdeau" "The GNU HaliFAX Project"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBGNU HaliFAX\fR \- an introduction
.SH "OVERVIEW"
.LP 
The \*(Hx Project aims at writing a complete free client\-suite for
fax\-systems such as \*(Fx(\*(Tm), efax or mgetty+sendfax.
.LP
\*(Hx is a GNU project. It means its developers have taken engagement
in integrating HaliFAX as much as it can with the rest of the GNU
system, and in promising HaliFAX will be free software as well as its
documentation.
.LP 
The name "Halifax" was chosen after the name of a Canadian City, which
happens to be located nearly between George Farris and Tilman Bubeck,
who are the most separated developers of the project.
.br 
But also to show that is it the client counter\-part to \*(Fx(\*(Tm),
the most complete, full\-featured, industrial\-strengh, earthquake
proof, free fax system, which was chosen as the main target for
HaliFAX.
.LP 
The \*(Hx project was written by George Farris, Dr Tilmann Bubeck and
Wolfgang Sourdeau. Many other people have contributed patches and
translations. A big thank goes to them.
.SH "LINKS"
.LP 
More informations about the \*(Hx project are available at the
\*(Hx official website:
.br 
\t\fBhttp://www.gnu.org/software/halifax/\fP
.LP 
The GNU Project aims at writing a complete free UNIX\-like Operating
System so that computer users can regain the freedom to share and
improve their software, and be part of a community of people who work
together to make a better world. Those freedom were denied to them by
most of the software publishers.
.br 
\t\fBhttp://www.gnu.org/\fP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
.BR gfax (1)
- the GNU HaliFAX Sender
.br 
.BR ghfaxviewer (1)
- the GNU HaliFAX Viewer
